and ask about dad because in these
last hours we saw him with his other
children with hannah with dieguito like
old that attitude of your dad's diego
great but I'm not the one to judge
nothing or anyone as you see it well happy
the met jana
good morning and is fernando when I
I could and when I went to his house and he was not
but hey it 's so good that it's so
kahana you want to know her have
some hours
if I do super private wait
for the picture
he does he will not do it I know if
your dad is getting married if he is pregnant
dew we need as you see it
lap that he had with dew after
all who love each other but I
I ask because I have the opinion
about the truth that my life something else
you are going to ask us but I am not who
to judge if you have to be connected
it's pretty pathetic you 're not conscious
that many times on TV has been
sacrificed to you to your sister your mom
for this subject of him
they are always criticized and the truth that
It's great everyone thinks what
they want but you're not saying let's say
everything that has been said is denied
for many years
I believe that journalists and tapas
of newspapers and magazines and all that
by topic that a source told him to
in a title of a magazine that after
my mom is a trial a magazine and
against a person that I think that
God, they want them to go out and they can
come out to deny and they can go out and say
because the title of that magazine was such
and because if not everything is one he said that
the other and as sources that after
reveal and all things a little weird
quite finally she told you
going back to your dad's happiness what
which is good playing football with me
son
extremely familiar or came this really
and always yes the things that now is
like what
or you are looking for the quilombo you are looking for if you are
opposite family member or if he was
skinny put skinny if fat is fat
guys let me analyze it badly to anyone
I think ill to Lyon with us not to the
people